Updates readme with cleaner instructions (#5)
bcgov/des-git-workflows: README.md

```

### General Linting

A comprehensive multi-language workflow that automatically detects and lints both JavaScript/CSS and PHP projects. This workflow provides:

- 🔄 **Multi-language support** - automatically detects JavaScript/CSS and PHP projects
- 📦 **Automatic dependency management** for both npm and Composer projects
- 🎨 **CSS and JavaScript linting** using your project's lint scripts
- 🧹 **PHP CodeSniffer** support with automatic detection
- 📁 **Subdirectory support** for monorepos and complex project structures
- ✅ **Graceful handling** when dependencies or scripts are not present

#### General Linting Requirements

Your repository can have either or both:

1. **For JavaScript/CSS**: `package.json` with lint scripts
2. **For PHP**: `composer.json` with appropriate configuration

#### Usage

The workflow can be called from another workflow file or triggered manually. It runs on Ubuntu latest with Node.js 20 and automatically detects project types.

#### Basic Usage

```yaml
name: General Code Quality
on: [push, pull_request, workflow_dispatch]

jobs:
  lint:
    uses: bcgov/des-git-workflows/.github/workflows/linting.yml@main
```

## Versioning

> We recommend using specific version tags or commits instead of `@main` for production workflows to ensure stability:

Reviewer: **Comment** try avoid using certain words like we, us, i and other words that would indicate possession
```suggestion
Use specific version tags or commits instead of `@main` for workflows to ensure stability:
```

```yaml
# Use a specific release tag (recommended for production)
uses: bcgov/des-git-workflows/.github/workflows/js-css-lint.yml@v1.0.0

# Use a specific commit (most stable)
uses: bcgov/des-git-workflows/.github/workflows/js-css-lint.yml@abc123def

# Use main branch (latest features, but may have breaking changes)
uses: bcgov/des-git-workflows/.github/workflows/js-css-lint.yml@main
```

> ## Contributing

Reviewer: **Comment** although this one i'm on the fence about, if we are going to have contributing information, we should just point to the contributing markdown.

There is always a balance between good documentation, and maybe good but slightly bloated documentation.  You want to keep all the details, but just enough, otherwise it becomes a sea of reading, which most people won't take the time.
